Oh
what's shaking people it's your boy
there's not a k-8 doom killer 92 sit
back relax you are now rocking with the
best I am very very very excited to
bring you guys today's video it is a
theme song battle royale two of the
hottest theme songs to come out in 2013
and I also fellas it's a girl fight
chill haha we got mrs. runs and guns
versus your girl fist pump like I said
two of the hottest theme songs to come
out in 2013 and they were done by your
boy is 988 don't kill a knight to but
enough about me as far as a 1v1
situation I would not know who to choose
for because I mean one is almost MLG Pro
and the other one is a serious pub
stomping to vicious females on the
joysticks with two vicious theme songs
to come behind it so with that said I'm
gonna let this go ahead and ride out
first up we got mrs. runs and guns with
her theme song orangey next up we have
your girl fist pump followed with her
theme song it's going down with that
said pleasingly vault only which means
let the good times roll peace out people
what's shakin baby should be born
anything 18 killin Amity this summer now
we're only for my bag bag game Hank runs
he runs a DJ mo Jojo less oh she don't
hey good gonna Kevin beware because it I
well net all she do is rush
Oh
this is our ng baby lock and load
setting body to the rain stop drop and
roll bad girl of the gaming world rock
and roll bang bang gonna like this is
the optic show not approve but that MSM
see the word she run laps around the map
don't let us see you VERSE helstone miss
will get ready you were that's the end
of your life you responded and died
again that's a lightning strike this was
over before it started under you got
Russian bus Russian bus run and gun run
and gun Russian bus Russian bus what's
shakin bacon it's your boy horse man you
ain't a killa 93 and this time round do
anything for your girl fist and he can't
eat fist pump he came old junk let's go
ain't nobody here with us when you need
it this far you know how we didn't love
we put down when we do it I don't get
enough we shut up ain't nobody here with
us we hold them down yeah she kicking
you do with you ain't lettin nothin with
diamonds on Oliver weapons that's the
girl's best friend sm date with the
laser sight UAB with a lightning strike
lightweight go run it in your small she
drop this war magery square twice
silencing your 90 °c for sandwiches gun
or genius technically inserted on the
top gonna leave the boss Rick Dempsey
said in the sky yeah you best believe be
feel like Alice in Wonderland baby its
own heat shield and she turning bitch
mode on tryon status is engaged raining
down when hills then come Joe's gonna
meet you read got that new schools Wagga
with that old-school touch call it do
these princes that's your girl fish hey
you know how
when we do it ain't no gettin up shut
down it ain't nobody here where we hold
it down when you go and eat this one
it's going down sweet buzzing down when
we blew it ain't no gettin up we shut
them down it ain't nobody get with us we
hold them down when you roll it he did
this huh he's going down you know how we
hit him up we put him down when we blew
it ain't no getting up we shut him down
cause can't nobody get let us we hold it
down when you roll the DJ fist bump is
going down vote number one for rng bow
number two but it's going down peace out
people